all right it's time to play a game hand
these in here now these two objects see
if you can guess what they are then take
a good look no not a time not a tie ooh
bullet no not a jockstrap but your
clothes these are bathing suits this is
a woman's bathing suit and this is a
man's bathing suit it's called a see
string it's a c-shaped g-string and
here's what they look like in action you
combine them online and oh my Christmas
shopping is done so we thought this
would be a good topic for our pedestrian
questions and I because it's been very
hot here in Hollywood we've been
experiencing a record-breaking heat wave
so we sent a camera crew out onto the
boulevard to ask people would you be
willing to try on America's hottest new
swimsuit the sea spring so here's the
house we're gonna see someone
introducing him or herself and then
together we're gonna guess if they seem
like the sort of person who would be
willing to wear this on television all
right let's begin
my name is Kendrick I'm from New York
would you be willing to try on America's
hottest new swimsuit craze this c-string
for us Kendrick try this on let's find
out no all right we are off to a good
start
next Samantha from Vancouver BC would
you be willing to try on America's
hottest new swimsuit craze the c-string
for us will Samantha all right most
everyone says yes a couple of naysayers
no not well life is full of
disappointment next up Leo I'm from
Santa Cruz
to try on America's hottest new swimsuit
craze the c-string for us can we count
on Leo to try it on all right mostly
yeses I don't know if I could do that
you can do it you're just such a tease
that Leo or are over 20 who's next
Danny Marco and I live in Granada Hills
San Fernando Valley would you be willing
to try on America's hottest new swimsuit
craze the c-string boo
Danny well Danny try this face ring on
almost everyone says yes okay right now
a lot of fun
what do you think I'll tell you what a
pity Bruno's not here oh yeah I'll tell
you I enjoyed it might be love if you're
fun and I'm giving that enough give this
the brutal hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks
for watching our video click right here
to subscribe to our Channel and click
right here and I will fall in love with
you guaranteed